GLOBALPLATFORM LICENSE AGREEMENT 
This License Agreement ("the Agreement") is a legal agreement between you and 
GlobalPlatform, Inc., a Delaware corporation with a place of business at 900 Metro Center 
Boulevard, Foster City, California, 94404 ("GlobalPlatform"), which owns or licenses the 
Chip Card Technology, Software and Specifications relating to chip-based card products, as 
listed in the "Technical Downloads" page of the GlobalPlatform web site. As used in this 
Agreement: 
"You" or "you" means the company, entity or individual ("Licensee") that is acquiring a 
license under this Agreement. 
"Affiliate" is an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with another entity, so long as such control exists. "Control" means beneficial 
ownership of more than fifty percent of the voting stock or equity in an entity. 
"End User" is a company, entity or individual that is the ultimate purchaser, either directly or 
indirectly, from Licensee or an Affiliate of Licensee, of a Compliant Product (as defined 
hereinafter). 
"Chip Card Technology" means each of the GlobalPlatform technologies listed in the 
"Technical Downloads" page of the GlobalPlatform web site, and Updates thereto (as defined 
hereinafter). 
"Software" means the software listed in the "Technical Downloads" page of the 
GlobalPlatform web site, and Updates thereto. 
"Specifications" means the specifications listed in the "Technical Downloads" page of the 
GlobalPlatform web site, and Updates thereto. 
"Update(s)" means any update, revision, or extension of some or all of the Chip Card 
Technology, Software, and Specifications. 
"Compliant Product" is a product or service that complies with one or more of the 
Specifications. 
You must accept all of the terms of this Agreement before viewing, downloading, taking 
possession of, or otherwise using the information governed by this Agreement. By clicking on 
the "ACCEPT" button below, you are consenting to be bound by and are becoming a party to 
this Agreement, and you are representing that you are authorized to bind your company, as 
identified by you in the Acceptance Form at the end of this Agreement, as a party to this 
Agreement. If you do not agree to all of the terms of this Agreement, click the "DO NOT 
ACCEPT" button at the end of this Agreement. 
1. GRANT OF LICENSE.  
1.1 License. GlobalPlatform hereby grants to Licensee, its Affiliates and End Users, a non-
exclusive, perpetual (except as provided for herein), royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide 
license in the Chip Card Technology and the Software for purposes of creating, developing, 
testing, demonstrating, using, producing, licensing, distributing, copying, selling and 
otherwise exploiting Compliant Products, and the right to reproduce and distribute the 
Specifications, subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.  
1.2 Modifications. Licensee, its Affiliates and End Users, shall not modify the Specifications. 
Licensee and its Affiliates may modify the Software, but only to the extent the Software, as 
modified, is used as or in connection with a product or service which is a Compliant Product.  
1.3 Sublicensing. Licensee, its Affiliates and End Users, shall not sublicense any of the 
Specifications. Licensee and its Affiliates may sublicense, through one or more 
intermediaries, the Software, to the extent necessary to create, develop, test, demonstrate, use, 
produce, license, distribute, copy, sell or otherwise exploit any Compliant Products, and may 
disclose the Specifications and Software to third party developers, subject to the conditions 
set forth in this Agreement. 
2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, as between 
Licensee and GlobalPlatform, all Chip Card Technology shall at all times be the exclusive 
property of GlobalPlatform, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to convey to 
Licensee any ownership interest in the Chip Card Technology, Software or Specifications. 
Licensee shall be the owner of any derivative works it develops based on the Chip Card 
Technology, including commercial implementations of the Software, but Licensee's 
ownership and use of such derivative works shall be subject in all respects to GlobalPlatform's 
ownership of the underlying Chip Card Technology and the terms and conditions upon which 
Licensee may use the underlying Chip Card Technology under this Agreement. 
GlobalPlatform acknowledges and agrees that, as between Licensee and GlobalPlatform, 
Compliant Products developed by Licensee shall be the exclusive property of Licensee. 
3. SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE. GlobalPlatform shall have no obligation to Licensee, 
its Affiliates or End Users to support or maintain the Chip Card Technology. 
4. TERMINATION OF LICENSE.  
4.1 Breach. In the event of a breach of this Agreement by Licensee or its Affiliates, 
GlobalPlatform shall give Licensee written notice and an opportunity to cure. If the breach is 
not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice, or if the breach is of a nature that cannot 
be cured, then GlobalPlatform may immediately or thereafter terminate the licenses granted in 
this Agreement; provided, however, that Licensee, its Affiliates and End Users shall be 
permitted to continue to use Compliant Products created or obtained prior to such termination, 
and to use the Chip Card Technology, Specifications and Software as they existed on the date 
of such termination (but not subsequent Updates thereto), in a manner not inconsistent with 
the terms of this Agreement.  
4.2 Notice. Licensee may immediately terminate the licenses granted in this Agreement upon 
written notice to GlobalPlatform.  
4.3 Litigation. GlobalPlatform may terminate all or part of the licenses granted in this 
Agreement in the event Compliant Products sold by Licensee or its Affiliates give rise to a 
lawsuit against an Indemnified Party (as defined in Section 7 below), containing at least one 
claim predicated upon manufacture, use or sale of the Compliant Products and (a) for which 
the indemnification in Section 7 does not apply, (b) for which Licensee asserts that such 
indemnification does not apply, or (c) in the event that, in GlobalPlatform's reasonable 
opinion, Licensee does not have the resources to reasonably fulfill its obligations under 
Section 7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee, its Affiliates and End Users may continue 
to use the Chip Card Technology, Specifications and Software if Licensee agrees to assume 
the cost of defending such lawsuit and if, in GlobalPlatform's reasonable opinion, Licensee 
has the resources to reasonably fulfill its obligations under Section 7. 
5. NO WARRANTIES. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the neither the Chip Card 
Technology nor the Software are necessarily ready for commercial use and that 
GlobalPlatform has not necessarily approved, registered, tested or certified their use with any 
payment or chip card system. GlobalPlatform makes no representations or warranties 
whatsoever regarding the Chip Card Technology, the Software or any derivative works 
thereof and is granting the licenses in Section 1 of this Agreement on an "AS-IS", "WHERE 
IS", basis, "WITH ALL FAULTS" known and unknown. WITHOUT LIMITING THE 
GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, GLOBALPLATFORM HEREBY DISCLAIMS 
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY 
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY 
OF MERCHANTABILITY. 
6. NO DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER 
PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR 
ANY DAMAGES UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE 
DAMAGES, NOR ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER MONETARY 
LOSS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 
7. INDEMNIFICATION. Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless GlobalPlatform 
and its officers, directors, employees and agents (each, an "Indemnified Party") from all 
losses, costs, damages, claims and other expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) 
arising out of any claim by any third party in connection with use by Licensee, its Affiliates or 
End Users, of the Chip Card Technology or the Software, including, without limitation, 
claims asserting that any Licensee product or service infringes the patent, copyright, trade 
secret or other intellectual property anywhere in the world of such third party (each, a 
"Claim"); provided, however, that the indemnity set forth in this Section 7 shall not apply to 
the extent any Claim necessarily results from Licensee's (a) compliance with one or more of 
the Specifications, or (b) use of the Software in the form supplied by GlobalPlatform 
hereunder. 
8. EXPORT REGULATIONS. The Chip Card Technology, including technical data, may be 
subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its 
associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. 
Licensee agrees to comply strictly with all such regulations and acknowledges that it has the 
responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import the Chip Card Technology. 
9. RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or disclosure by the United States government is 
subject to the restrictions as set forth in the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software 
Clauses in DFARS 252.227-7013© (1) (ii) and FAR 52.227-19(a) through (d) as applicable. 
10. MISCELLANEOUS.  
10.1 Notices. All notices required under this Agreement shall be in writing. Notice shall be 
deemed given when delivered personally to an authorized representative or one (1) day after 
deposit for overnight delivery upon written verification of receipt. Notices and 
correspondence to GlobalPlatform should be sent to the attention of the Secretariat at the 
address shown above. Notices and correspondence to Licensee should be sent to the person or 
address identified by Licensee in the form completed below in connection with Licensee's 
acceptance of this Agreement.  
10.2 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted under the internal 
laws of the United States and the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles of 
conflict of law.  
10.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding 
between GlobalPlatform and Licensee regarding the subject matter contained herein. No 
modification or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless it is in writing and signed by 
both parties. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties 
shall omit it from the Agreement to the extent required. The remaining terms shall remain in 
full force and effect. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior agreements between 
GlobalPlatform and Licensee regarding Licensee's right to use the Chip Card Technology, or 
any prior versions thereof. 

